#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
-e git+https://github.com/fsbraun/djangocms-frontend.git@master#egg=djangocms-frontend
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/FidelityInternational/djangocms-pageadmin.git@1.0.0#egg=djangocms-pageadmin
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/FidelityInternational/djangocms-version-locking.git@master#egg=djangocms-version-locking
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via django
boto3==1.14.49
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-storages
botocore==1.17.63
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
click==8.1.2
    # via pip-tools
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cssselect2==0.5.0
    # via svglib
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-entangled
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-parler
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-select2
    #   django-storages
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-pageadmin
    #   djangocms-url-manager
    #   djangocms-version-locking
    #   djangocms-versioning
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-select2
django-apptemplates==1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms @ https://github.com/django-cms/django-cms/tarball/develop-4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-pageadmin
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-style
    #   djangocms-url-manager
    #   djangocms-version-locking
    #   djangocms-versioning
    #   djangocms-video
django-entangled==0.4
    # via djangocms-frontend
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filer @ https://github.com/django-cms/django-filer/archive/refs/tags/2.1rc4.zip
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-fsm==2.8.0
    # via djangocms-versioning
django-parler==2.3
    # via djangocms-alias
django-sekizai==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-select2==7.10.0
    # via djangocms-frontend
django-storage-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[boto3]==1.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-storage-url
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-pageadmin
djangocms-admin-style==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-alias @ https://github.com/divio/djangocms-alias/tarball/master
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-attributes-field==2.1.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-style
    #   djangocms-url-manager
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-bootstrap4 @ https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-bootstrap4/tarball/support/django-cms-4.0.x
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-file==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-googlemap==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-icon==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-frontend
djangocms-link==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-picture==4.0.0
    # via djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-style==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor @ https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-text-ckeditor/tarball/support/4.0.x
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-frontend
djangocms-url-manager @ https://github.com/divio/djangocms-url-manager/tarball/master
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-versioning @ https://github.com/divio/djangocms-versioning/tarball/master
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-video==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.15.2
    # via botocore
easy-thumbnails==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-picture
environs==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
furl==2.1.3
    # via django-storage-url
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lxml==4.8.0
    # via svglib
marshmallow==3.15.0
    # via environs
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==21.3
    # via marshmallow
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==9.1.0
    # via
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   reportlab
pip-lock==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   environs
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
reportlab==3.6.9
    # via
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   svglib
s3transfer==0.3.7
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.5.8
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
svglib==1.2.1
    # via easy-thumbnails
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pep517
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
